coveo-stew // doc improvements (#106)
coveooss/coveo-python-oss: coveo-stew/README_MULTIPLE_LIBRARIES.md

# Considerations for multi-projects repositories 

Follow this guide to configure your repository to work with multiple projects.

## Repository structure

> To combine multiple projects in a repository, you need to respect the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To combine multiple projects in a repository, you need to adhere to the following:
```

1. At a defined root, such as the root of your repository or a folder within, create a new `pyproject.toml` file. It will be the dev environment; we will come back to this soon.

> 2. Python libraries should then exist within that folder's hierarchy, in subfolders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Python libraries should then exist within that folder hierarchy, in subfolders.
```

> 2. Python libraries should then exist within that folder's hierarchy, in subfolders.

Reviewer 2: Adding the support for sub-subfolders, is it in our plans?

I like it when we can regroup all the Python projects inside a `projects` or a `src` folder instead of the repo root. It fits better in repos that contain IaC code for example.

Author: That's exactly what the current line tries to convey! 😆 

"Within that folder's hierarchy, in subfolders" meaning, it can be sub-sub-sub-sub folders if you want.

Author: Rephrased:

> 2. Python libraries should then exist within that folder's hierarchy, each of them in a dedicated folder. The dedicated folders don't need to be in the root.

Reviewer: You have a weird fetish with `'s`. :laughing: It should be `folder hierarchy`.

> [The current repository](../) is a good example. The `pydev` environment is in the root's `pyproject.toml`, and subfolders contain the python libraries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The current repository](../) is a good example. The `pydev` environment is in the root `pyproject.toml`, and subfolders contain the python libraries
```

> [The current repository](../) is a good example. The `pydev` environment is in the root's `pyproject.toml`, and subfolders contain the python libraries

Reviewer 3: I guess it's normal that the link is dead since you didn't merge to the main branch yet?

## Python libraries structure

Each individual python library must be able to work on its own, meaning that:

1. It has a dedicated folder (e.g.: `coveo-systools`). 
2. It has `pyproject.toml` file in that dedicated folder. 
3. The dedicated folder has a folder that matches the name of the project (e.g.: `coveo_systools`)

> 4. The project's folder contains the "first" `__init__.py` in that hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The project folder contains the "first" `__init__.py` in that hierarchy.
```

```

Essentially, the behavior we're looking for:

- Through `pip install`, it will obtain the latest `^2.4` from `pypi.org`
- Through `poetry install`, which is only meant for development, the source is fetched from the disk

Note: Even if your libraries are not published to a `pypi` server, you can still use `stew build` to create an offline distribution.
This concept is particularly useful in business scenarios, for instance when dealing with containerized images and cloud storages.

# A note about the aggregated environment.

When you develop using the `pydev` environment, you are aggregating the dependencies of all the libraries into one environment.
This can cause some problems, for instance if your library A and B both require a 3rd party package Z, you must add Z to the `pyproject.toml` of both A and B.
If you omit Z in B, your pydev environment will still have Z because it was included with A. 
However, when you publish B, users will most likely run into an ImportError since Z was not specified there.

To circumvent this, `stew ci` mostly skips testing the `pydev` environment.
It will instead create an environment for A using A's `pyproject.toml` for tests.

> Then it will create the environment for B using B's `pyproject.toml` for tests. 
> And technically, it should explode here if you forgot to include Z!

Reviewer 3: Either

```suggestion
Then it will create the environment for B using B's `pyproject.toml` for tests, and technically, it should explode here if you forgot to include Z!
```

or

```suggestion
Then it will create the environment for B using B's `pyproject.toml` for tests.
Technically, it should explode here if you forgot to include Z!
```

> Otherwise said, `stew` treats each individual library as a product on its own, while the `pydev` environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, `stew` treats each individual library as a product on its own, while the `pydev` environment
```
